DOCSP-33342 1.40.3 Release Notes (#564)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/release-notes.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: twocols

|compass| 1.40.3

> ----------------

Reviewer: (future work) 
What do you think about drafting a code comment in google doc providing some guidance about how we do updates in Compass so we can be consistent, release over release. Once done, you could add to the this page, right under `..contents::`. 

Main thing is tenses. We could also provide some guidance on whether or not to add "font treatment". 

The other thing I'd like to see is in the New Features section is links to whatever new docs are available.   Let me know if you're open to taking a stab at this. I'm also happy to do a first pass. Whatever you'd like.

Reviewer: Thanks for taking this in stride Ian! This is a great approach and I really appreciate it!

*Released October 11, 2023*

New Features:

> - After creating a $search index you are now redirected to the search 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After creating a ``$search`` index you are now redirected to the search 
```

  indexes modal (:issue:`COMPASS-7247`).
- Field names are now autocompleted when defining indexes. (:issue:`COMPASS-7174`).

> - Syntax errors are now highlighted when defining indexes. (:issue:`COMPASS-7246`).

Reviewer: (question / suggestion)
I know some of the Atlas Search features have been dropped into Release Notes before, but a quick scan didn't show any place where we said specifically "Hey! You can now create and manage Atlas Search indexes in Compass!" Is that true, and if so, perhaps we do that here? 

What about a slight rewrite to highlight the overall improvement being introduced, which I believe is significant. Something like 
- Introduced the ability to create and manage Atlas Search indexes in Compass. 
      - smaller feature ...
      - smaller feature ...
      - smaller feature ...
      - For more details, see Managing Indexes and Create an Atlas Search Index.

CC: @jaoppenheim for feedback

> - Improved AI feedback experience (:issue:`COMPASS-7211`, :issue:`COMPASS-7251`).

Reviewer: (suggestion)
Include a link to the AI content.
"For more information on the Compass's Generative AI natural language query feature, see ... " Or something like this.

- Removed ``useNewUrlParser`` and ``useUnifiedTopology`` from export 
  to language options (:issue:`COMPASS-4897`).

> - The knnVector index template definition is now used instead of 

Reviewer: (suggestion)
If you go with the suggestion above to group the index improvements under an Atlas Search bullet, this last tickets goes there. 

(suggestion -- active voice)
Consider a slight rewrite for active voice ...  something like:
The ``vectorEmbedding`` index template definition replaced ``knnVector``. [One sentence about the benefits of vectorEmbedding, perhaps.]

  vectorEmbedding (:issue:`COMPASS-7288`).

Bug Fixes:

> - Fixed GUI flicker when closing search index modal (:issue:`COMPASS-7248`).

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
- Fixed GUI flicker when closing the search index modal (:issue:`COMPASS-7248`).
```

> - Downgraded electron to version 25.8.4 (:issue:`COMPASS-7291`).

Reviewer: (nit / suggestion)
```suggestion
- Downgraded Electron to version 25.8.4 (:issue:`COMPASS-7291`).
```

suggestion:
What about linking out to Electron: https://www.electronjs.org/ ? I had to google to discover what it was. IDK if I'm common in this regard, but it might be useful. CC: @jaoppenheim for feedback

   :depth: 1
   :class: twocols

|compass| 1.40.3
----------------

*Released October 11, 2023*

New Features:

- Introduced the ability to create and manage Atlas Search indexes in 
  Compass.

  - After creating a ``$search`` index you are now redirected to the 
    search indexes modal (:issue:`COMPASS-7247`).
  - Field names are now autocompleted when defining indexes. 
    (:issue:`COMPASS-7174`).
  - Syntax errors are now highlighted when defining indexes. 
    (:issue:`COMPASS-7246`).
  - The ``vectorEmbedding`` index template definition replaced ``knnVector``.
    (:issue:`COMPASS-7288`).
  - For more details, see :ref:`<compass-indexes>` and 
    :ref:`<compass-create-search-index>`.

> - Improved AI feedback experience. For more information on the Compass's
>   Generative AI natural language query feature, see :ref:`query-natural-language`.
>   (:issue:`COMPASS-7211`, :issue:`COMPASS-7251`).

Reviewer: (minor tweak for minimalism)
```suggestion
- Improved AI feedback experience. For more information on
  Generative AI natural language queries in Compass, see :ref:`query-natural-language`.
  (:issue:`COMPASS-7211`, :issue:`COMPASS-7251`).
```
